Copy over new refs from OpenScPCA-analysis (#1036)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf: internal-instructions.md

Reviewer: context 😃 https://alexslemonade.slack.com/archives/CRZP8KD6K/p1758717506283809

   This file was obtained from clicking the `get tsv file` button on the [PanglaoDB Dataset page](https://panglaodb.se/markers.html?cell_type=%27choose%27) and replacing the date in the filename with a date in ISO8601 format.
   This file is required as input to the `build-celltype-ref.nf` workflow, which will create all required cell type references for the main workflow to use during cell type annotation.

5. The following files were generated in the `OpenScPCA-analysis` repository and copied to this repository for use in the workflow. 
   They were initially obtained from the `OpenScPCA-analysis` repository at tag `v0.2.3`.

>    These files are used for cell typing, including assigning consensus cell types. 

Reviewer: Just for clarity, let's say...
```suggestion
   The following files are used for cell typing, including assigning consensus cell types. 
```

   If new cell typing methods are added or there are changes to references used for cell typing, these files will need to be updated. 
 
   - [`panglao-cell-type-ontologies.tsv`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis/blob/v0.2.3/analyses/cell-type-consensus/references/panglao-cell-type-ontologies.tsv)
   - [`scimilarity-mapped-ontologies.tsv`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis/blob/v0.2.3/analyses/cell-type-scimilarity/references/scimilarity-mapped-ontologies.tsv)
   - [`consensus-cell-type-reference.tsv`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis/blob/v0.2.3/analyses/cell-type-consensus/references/consensus-cell-type-reference.tsv)
   - [`consensus-validation-groups.tsv`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis/blob/v0.2.3/analyses/cell-type-consensus/references/consensus-validation-groups.tsv)
   - [`validation-markers.tsv`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis/blob/v0.2.3/analyses/cell-type-consensus/references/validation-markers.tsv)
 

>    These files are used for `inferCNV` inference to determine which cell types to include in the normal reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The following are used for `inferCNV` inference to determine which cell types to include in the normal reference.
```
